Adolf Wölfli, chamber opera
Nacht, chamber opera in 24 scenes; libretto by the composer after texts by Friedrich Hölderlin
Die schöne Wunde, opera after Franz Kafka, Edgar Allan Poe and others
Melancholia, opera in 3 parts; libretto by Jon Fosse after his own novel
Bluthaus, opera in 10 scenes
Thomas, opera. Libretto by Klaus Händl; world premiere: May 2013, Schwetzingen Festival
Morgen und Abend. Libretto Jon Fosse; world premiere: Royal Opera House, 13 November 2015
Koma. Libretto Klaus Händl; world premiere: Schwetzingen Festival, 27 May 2016
KOMA, definitive version. Libretto Klaus Händl; world premiere: Stadttheater Klagenfurt, 28 March 2019
KOMA, definitive version. Libretto Klaus Händl; world premiere: Stadttheater Klagenfurt, 28 March 2019
KOMA, definitive version. Libretto Klaus Händl; world premiere: Stadttheater Klagenfurt, 28 March 2019
Sextet for 3 violas and 3 cellos
Drei Hommages für einen Pianisten und zwei im Abstand eines Vierteltons gestimmte Klaviere
...Schatten...durch unausdenkliche Wälder for 2 pianos and 2 percussionists
Descendiendo for orchestra
...., double concerto for accordion, viola and chamber ensemble
...Einklang freier Wesen... for various instrumentations, each titled ...aus freier Lust...verbunden...
Nacht-Schatten
Fremde Welten, concerto for piano and 20 stringed instruments
Concerto for violin and orchestra
String Quartet No.2
Nach-ruf...ent-gleitend... for ensemble
Torso for large orchestra after the unfinished Piano Sonata in C major, D.840 by Franz Schubert
in vain for 24 instruments
...sodass ich’s hernach mit einem Blick gleichsam wie ein schönes Bild... im Geist übersehe
tria ex uno for ensemble
de terrae fine for violin solo
Blumenstück
flow and friction for sixteenth-tone piano 4-hands
String Quartet No.3 "In iij. Noct"
Natures mortes for orchestra and accordion
String Quartet No.4
Opus 68 for large orchestra after Piano Sonata No.9 by Alexander Scriabin
Concerto for cello and large orchestra
Haiku for baritone and 10 instruments
Ritual for 12 bass drums and 3 wind ensembles
Sieben Klangräume
....... for viola and 6 voices
Hyperion, Konzert für Lichtstimme und Orchester
Bruchstück for large orchestra
Concerto for piano and orchestra
Les temps tiraillés for 2 violas, bassoon and electronics
Concerto for baritone saxophone and orchestra
antiphon for 2 contrabass clarinets
... und ... for chamber ensemble and electronics
... wie stille brannte das Licht for soprano and chamber ensemble
Unheimat for 19 string instruments
Traum in des Sommers Nacht for orchestra
Arthur F. Becker
 La profondeur for 13 players
ATTHIS for soprano and 8 instruments
fuga for 2 violins
limited approximations for 6 micro-tonally tuned pianos and orchestra
„... damit ... die Geister der Menschen erhellt und ihr Verstand erleuchtet werden ...“ for ensemble
AUS.WEG for 8 instruments
String Quartet No.6
String Quartet No.7
„Ich suchte, aber ich fand ihn nicht.“ for ensemble
Duchcov for choir of 44 voices
chants oubliés for chamber orchestra
SCHWEIGEN: Fukushima for soprano and lyric soprano, Lampedusa for soprano and mezzo-soprano, Mlake / Laaken for lyric soprano and countertenor
Tetraedrite for orchestra
„... e finisci già?“ for orchestra
Introduktion und Transsonation for 17 instruments and tape
Dido for soprano and string quartet
Wohin bist du gegangen? for choir and 17 instruments
Anachronism for ensemble
dark dreams for orchestra
nocturno for female choir and accordion
Tombeau [Fragmente aus dem Fragment KV 616a] for violin, cello and piano
petit hommage à un grand maître for piano
Concerto grosso no. 1
Concerto grosso no. 2
LAIR for string quartet
String Quartet No.8
Saxophone Quartet
13 Bilder aus der Oper „Die schöne Wunde“ for 6 voices and chamber orchestra
I can't breathe for trumpet
Octet for 8 trombones
Zugabe for orchestra
3 Stücke für Mollena for choir and chamber orchestra
Trombone Concerto
HYENA for solo voice and chamber orchestra
Release for strings, harp and piano
String Quartet No.9
String Quartet No.10
Violin concerto no. 2
ein kleines symphonisches Gedicht für Wolfgang for orchestra
Blumenwiese 1-3 for saxophone, piano and percussion
catch as catch can for clarinet, cello and piano
equinox for clarinet, cello and piano
im Schatten der Harfen for ensemble
Monolog für Graz for speaker and ensemble
String Quartet No.11
Hommage à Bridget Riley for ensemble
Konzert für Klangwerk und Orchester for solo percussion and orchestra
